ESB front-end modules support (#9714)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

ESB
---

  * Added support for front-end modules.
  * The ESB module requires linking the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_lib`.

>   * PPI/DPPI channels usage number increased from 3 to 6.

Author: I mean that we use three more channels now.

>   * PPI/DPPI channels usage number increased from 3 to 6.

Reviewer: So I guess the idea remains the same with my suggestion.

>   * Event generator unit instance 0 is needed with events from 6 to 7.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Assigned events 6-7 from the EGU0 instance to the ESB module.
```

    * The sample now waits for RRC idle mode before requesting neighbor cell measurements.

> ESB samples

Author: Ok. I moved it

-----------

>  * :ref:`esb_prx_ptx` samples:

Author: There are two samples under this reference, they have common documentation

>  * :ref:`esb_prx_ptx` samples:

Reviewer: The sample doc says: "The sample consists of two applications." So it is just one sample, but applies to two applications.

>  * :ref:`esb_prx_ptx` samples:

Author: Ok. I agree with you. Changed
